Helping Hand By Target.My Application “Helping Hand”, creates a mobilized Target Delivery service that gives Target shoppers the ability to make money by shopping for other Target shoppers by delivering goods to their neighbors .There are 2 Modes that HH operates in: Buyer Mode and Shopper ModeBuyer Mode: is for those that want to make a shopping list for Shoppers to fulfill and deliver to their homes.Buyers can add up to 5 items to their helping hand shopping lists. Why only 5? when researching by asking 28 Target customers they unanimously said 5 items was the most that they would be willing to pick up for someone else.Shopper Mode is for those that are already going to Target to shop for their own goods, and are looking to make some extra money by delivering items to their neighbors,while saving money on future target purchases.Shoppers want to lend a helping hand to their neighbors my providing delivery for the fee of $ 5.00 to pick up and deliver up to 5 items that the buyer has added to their list.


Additional Notes:1. The process for fulfillment is fast and secure.Shoppers can only get the Buyers address via text message to a real mobile phone number. 2. Once delivered, the Shopper is presented with 3 choices to be compensated
1.Target Store Credit2.Pass Along Saving to Buyer (On the House)3. Email $5 Store Credit to FriendAll three of these options increase shopper spending and encourage shoppers to do more shopping per visit, and encourage their friends.Incentivize your shoppers , and they will be happy